# Patch-Notes for Version 0.0.1
## Palace
- Maximum prestige level 25 -> 10
- but maximum of 50%
- Department of Administration = Workforce ~~300~~ -> 150
- Department of Labour = Trade Union Buff ~~60%~~ -> 30%
- Department of Culture = Specialist Buff ~~120%~~ -> 60%
- Department of Labour = Harbourmaster Storage ~~1200~~ -> 600

I didn't change the Department of Welfare since i do not see the reason, it wouldnt increase any difficulty and would just make planning more annoying.
## Research
- Institute usable ~~10'000~~ -> 100'000 Engineers
## Zoo
### Cordillera
- ~~Farmer Residence, Jornalero Residence, and Hacienda Jornalero Quarters~~ -> Residences
### Domestic Animals
### Eastern Jungle
### Enbesean Highlands
### Great Coral Reef
Effect: ~~+2~~ +5 Happiness and +2 Attractiveness ~~(affects Worker Residence, Artisan Residence, Obrero Residence, and Hacienda Obrera Quarters).~~ -> Residences
### Great Desert
### Luminaries
Effect: ~~+3~~ +5 Attractiveness from Pubs, Variety Theatres, Members Clubs, Shopping Arcades and Restaurants (non-monument).

Adding Universities, Marcetplace and Schools.
### Miambo Woodlands
### Ocean Predetors
### Proud Savannah
### Rainforest
~~Effect: +30 Attractiveness from all Trade Unions.~~ -> Effect: +10 Influence from Town Halls & Trade Unions

With the change for the maximum prestige bonuses the need to raise the attractiveness is reduced, while still maintaining the influence need. So i decided to move the influencereduction to a 6 piece set and the attractiveness to a 3 piece set.
### Taiga Forest
Effect: Residents consume 5% less Fish, Bread, Canned Food, Sausages, Chocolate, Fried Plantains, Tortillas and Seafood Stew.

Adding Pemmican, Dried Meat, Chewing Gum and Biscuits
### Teeming Lakes
## Museum
### Aegean Cultures
### Atlantean
### Battle of Trelawney
### Bronze Age
### Empire of the Eagle
Effect: ~~+5%~~ +10% increased income from Residences. 10% reduced chance of fires, illness, riots and explosions from Residences.
### Gods of Delta
Effect: +30 Attractiveness ~~and +10 Influence~~ from Town Halls & Trade Unions

With the reduced maximum prestige level there is currently no need to buff it to 60 to match Gods of Delta AND Rainforest
### Heirlooms of the Gold-Realm
### Icebound
Effect: Maintenance Cost: -20% affecting All Food Production, All Drinks Production Buildings, Chemical Plant: Lemonade, Orchard: Jam, Assembly Line: Biscuits, Artisan's Workshop: Cognac, and Chemical Plant: Chewing Gum.

Adding Productionboost (20%) and reducing workforce (10%)
### Lost Cities
### Lost Tribes
### New World Huaca
### Nothern Sagas
### Origin of Mankind
### Roots of Enbesa
Effect: Scholar Residences gain ~~+1~~ +5 Research Pointsresearch points
### Skull and Bones
### Thule Relics
## Botanic
### Amazonas
Old World Effect: Grape fertility provided and ~~+25% productivity~~ -10% modules for Vineyards

New World Effect: Plantain Fertility provided and ~~+25% productivity~~ -10% modules for Plantain Plantations
### Andean
Old World Effect: Grain fertility provided and ~~+25% productivity~~ -10% modules for Grain Farms

New World Effect: Coffee fertility provided and ~~+25% productivity~~ -10% modules for Coffee Plantations and Hacienda Coffee Farms 
### Enchanted
Old World Effect: Hops Fertility provided and ~~+25% productivity~~ -10% modules for Hops Farms.

New World Effect: Tobacco Fertility provided and ~~+25% productivity~~ -10% modules for Tobacco Plantations. 
### Marshland
Effect: Happiness ~~+2~~ +5, Chance of Illness -50% (affects all residences) 
### Near East
Old World Effect: Red Pepper Fertility provided and ~~+25% productivity~~ -10% modules for Red Pepper Farms.

New World Effect: Sugar Cane Fertility provided and ~~+25% productivity~~ -10% modules for Sugar Cane Plantations and Hacienda Sugar Cane Farms. 
### Sacred

### Sargosso Sea
### Subalpine
Old World Effect: Fur Abundance provided and ~~+25% productivity~~ -10% area for Hunting Cabins

New World Effect: Caoutchouc fertility provided and ~~+25% productivity~~ -10% modules for Caoutchouc Plantations and Hacienda Caoutchouc Plantations 
# TBD
## Docklands
### Nerf
- Fixing the import of some stuff
- NOTE: probably removing Coffee, Chocolate, Champaign, Steam Carriages
- Probably Importing all Base needs, except above, removing all luxury needs